# Tour My Room

Artwork: Tour_my_Room_by_Marwan_Refaat_Artwork.png
BPM: 121
Completion: 60%
Created: August 9, 2022 12:36 PM
Key: F Major
Last edited: August 20, 2022 6:48 PM
Looking For: Drums, Pianist, Producer
Project Type: Scratch Vocal
Ready for Release: No

# Master

[Tour of My Room.mp3](Tour%20My%20Room%202f1db2723823458199b00352c6bc3be4/Tour_of_My_Room.mp3)

## Vocals

[Tour of My Room (Vocals).mp3](Tour%20My%20Room%202f1db2723823458199b00352c6bc3be4/Tour_of_My_Room_(Vocals).mp3)

## Guitar

[Tour of My Room (Guitar).mp3](Tour%20My%20Room%202f1db2723823458199b00352c6bc3be4/Tour_of_My_Room_(Guitar).mp3)

## Lyrics

<aside>
📋 **SONG STRUCTURE: intro|**ABABCB|outro

</aside>

> **INTRO**
> 
> 
> 

> **A1:** **VERSE**
> 
> 
> Ok it’s getting pretty late, 
> 
> So tell me what you wanna do. 
> 
> You could come back to my place, 
> 
> Well honestly it’s just a room.
> 

> **B: CHORUS**
> 
> 
> I’ll give you a tour of my room? 
> 
> All 80 square feet
> 
> No bed frame mattress on the floor, 
> 
> Check out the brick wall view
> 
> A pile of laundry on the right
> 
> And I’ll have more if you stay the night
> 

> **A2: VERSE**
> 
> 
> The flag says saturdays are for the boys
> They said they found my high school ring clutched in your fingers tight.
> 

> **B:** **CHORUS**
> 
> 
> Teen Angel, can you hear me? 
> 
> Teen Angel, can you see me? 
> 
> Are you somewhere up above, 
> 
> and am I still your own true love?
> 

> **C: BRIDGE**
> 
> 
> Just sweet sixteen, and now you're gone. 
> 
> They've taken you away. 
> 
> I'll never kiss your lips again. 
> 
> They buried you today.
> 

> **B:** **CHORUS**
> 
> 
> Teen Angel, can you hear me? 
> 
> Teen Angel, can you see me? 
> 
> Are you somewhere up above, 
> 
> and am I still your own true love?
> 

> **OUTRO**
> 
> 
> 

See it’s getting pretty late

So tell me what you wanna do?

You could come back to my place

Well honestly it’s just a room

You texted me said you were bored

Well I know just what we should do

Chorus

I’ll give you a tour of my room

All 80 square feet

So first things first this is the door

Yeah the lock works too

No bed frame mattress on the floor

And a brick wall view

Cause you see my room has a door

And the lock works too

I’ll give you a tour of my room

All 80 square feet

The main attraction is a pile of dirty clothes

And our attraction might make one with some sheets

Yeah I know I should clean my room

And do that pile of laundry on the right

But I’ll push it off to tomorrow

There will be more if you stay the night

A flag on the wall that says Saturdays are for the boys

Keep my mattress on the floor

Flag on the wall too that says

Saturdays for the boys

But I’ll make an exception for you

A pile of laundry on the floor

Stay the night and I’ll have some more

And with the mattress on the floor

So all the neighbors hear is you

I know I might get evicted if I get one more noise complaint

But California law’s on our side so you’ve got a place to stay

You ask

Why there a bed in you living room

Cause my boy needs some living room

And why does your fridge smell like that?

It’s been three months since I first asked

I’lll give you a tour of my room

All 50 square feet

First things the mattress on the floor

### Lyrics

---

# Original Scratch Vocal

## Original

[Getting Ready.mp3](Tour%20My%20Room%202f1db2723823458199b00352c6bc3be4/Getting_Ready.mp3)

### Vocals

[Getting Ready_vocals.mp3](Tour%20My%20Room%202f1db2723823458199b00352c6bc3be4/Getting_Ready_vocals.mp3)

### Guitar

[Getting Ready_guitar.mp3](Tour%20My%20Room%202f1db2723823458199b00352c6bc3be4/Getting_Ready_guitar.mp3)

Beat:

[Tour My Room Beat V1.mp3](Tour%20My%20Room%202f1db2723823458199b00352c6bc3be4/Tour_My_Room_Beat_V1.mp3)

Daw File:

[Tour My Room Beat V1.als](Tour%20My%20Room%202f1db2723823458199b00352c6bc3be4/Tour_My_Room_Beat_V1.als)